Modify rule S3236: Add rule exception (#4964)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3236/rule.adoc

=== Exceptions

> `CallerMemberName` is not checked to avoid False-Positives with WPF/UWP applications.
> `System.Diagnostics.Debug.Assert` is excluded. The signature of this method has been updated from .NET9 onwards from `public static void Assert(bool condition, string message)` to `public static void Assert([DoesNotReturnIf(false)] bool condition, [CallerArgumentExpression(nameof(condition))] string? message = null)`.
> The default message provided by this method is the failed assertion and its position in the code, however a custom message from the developer is many times preferred as an explanation of the failed assertion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CallerMemberName` is not checked to avoid False-Positives with WPF/UWP applications.
* `System.Diagnostics.Debug.Assert` is excluded. The signature of this method has been updated from .NET9 onwards from `public static void Assert(bool condition, string message)` to `public static void Assert([DoesNotReturnIf(false)] bool condition, [CallerArgumentExpression(nameof(condition))] string? message = null)`.
The default message provided by this method is the failed assertion and its position in the code, however a custom message from the developer is many times preferred as an explanation of the failed assertion.
```

> `System.Diagnostics.Debug.Assert` is excluded. The signature of this method has been updated from .NET9 onwards from `public static void Assert(bool condition, string message)` to `public static void Assert([DoesNotReturnIf(false)] bool condition, [CallerArgumentExpression(nameof(condition))] string? message = null)`.
> The default message provided by this method is the failed assertion and its position in the code, however a custom message from the developer is many times preferred as an explanation of the failed assertion.

Reviewer: I feel there is too much historical information.
Could we simplify to something like?:
```suggestion
`System.Diagnostics.Debug.Assert` is excluded as a custom message from the developer is sometimes preferred as an explanation of the failed assertion.
```

If we want to keep the decision history maybe we could add a comment in the implementation class?

Author: The repro has the ticket number which has all the info.
So I guess it's good :)
